Fixes from previous PRs (#51)
BottleRocketStudios/Android-ArchitectureDemo: README.md

## OAuth consumer key creation and setup steps
* Generate a Bitbucket OAuth consumer key at https://bitbucket.org/[your-bitbucket-username]/workspace/settings/api

>     * You must specify a callback url, for auth code login to work you must: use https://www.bottlerocketstudios.com/

Reviewer: @BottleRocket-Colin nit: Formatting. How about:

```
You must specify a callback url with the following value for auth code login to work: https://www.bottlerocketstudios.com/
```

```suggestion
    * You must specify a callback url with the following value for auth code login to work: https://www.bottlerocketstudios.com/
```
